Update README.md (#232)
k4zmu2a/SpaceCadetPinball: README.md

## On 64-bit bug that killed the game

> There are 2 Versions of Windows 64-bit, one is for the x86 CPU (amd64), another one is for the Intel Itanium CPUs (IA-64).
> The 64-bit version of the game existed in the amd64 version (called "Windows XP Professional x64 Edition). Although it runs normall, there are graphical glitches.
> On the IA-64 however (Called "Windows XP 64-Bit Edition") have collision issues, such as the ball just is through the paddles caused by float rounding issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 versions of Windows 64-bit, one is for the x86 CPU (amd64), another one is for the Intel Itanium CPUs (IA-64).
The 64-bit version of the game existed in the amd64 version (called "Windows XP Professional x64 Edition"). Although it runs fine, there are graphical glitches.
On the IA-64 (called "Windows XP 64-Bit Edition") however have collision issues, such as the ball just going through the paddles, caused by float rounding issues.
```
